Readme rework for 0.4 release (#254)
neuralmagic/sparseml: docs/source/code.md

limitations under the License.
-->

# Sparsification Code

## PyTorch Sparsification

The PyTorch sparsification libraries are located under the `sparseml.pytorch.optim` package.
Inside are APIs designed to make model sparsification as easy as possible by integrating seamlessly into PyTorch training pipelines.

The step function then calls into the `ScheduledModifierManager` class which can be created from a recipe file.
The `modify()` function wraps an optimizer or optimizer like object (contains a step function) to override the step invocation.
With this setup, the training process can then be modified as desired to sparsify the model.

> To enable all of this, the integration code you'll need to write is only a handful of lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable all of this, the integration code is accomplished by writing a handful of lines:
```

Reviewer: Also, commit that suggestion to the identical Keras line below?

This class handles modifying the TensorFlow graph for the desired algorithms.
With this setup, the training process can then be modified as desired to sparsify the model.

> ### Estimator-Based pipelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Estimator-Based Pipelines
```

# Normal estimator training code...
```

> ### Session-Based pipelines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Session-Based Pipelines
```
